---
layout: post
title: UI Design of a Clientelling Tool
cover: mcon-cover.jpg
date: 2018-06-15 00:00:00
categories: posts
---

# A Clienteling tool for a luxury distributor

---
> Note: The original logo has been replaced with placeholder

---

## Project Background

The client [*confidential*] is expanding its business rapidly with new stores and franchisees. While the customer base is increasing, a great proportion of customer data is being omitted. Therefore the business is in need of a CRM system that can help them to collect, organise, analyse, and maintain customer information.


This Dashboard UI concept represents the "collect" stage of the CRM system.

The client [*confidential*] is expanding its business rapidly with new stores and franchisees. While the customer base is increasing, a great proportion of customer data is being omitted. Therefore the business is in need of a CRM system that can help them to collect, organise, analyse, and maintain customer information.

This Dashboard UI concept represents the "collect" stage of the CRM system.

## User Research
The user of this tool will be primarily salespeople in stores. They use this tool to onboard clients, manage contacts, assign staff and schedules tasks. The hardware will be iPad (or other tablet).

The findings from my user study can be summarised into the following:

### Characteristics:    

- Inexperienced with CRM system  

- Sales advisor as a job has high liquidity, so they have low incentive to learn complex operations  

- Education level tend to be relatively lower (most never attended university)  

- Hardware will be handed to store customers during onboarding  

​

### Pain Points:
- Current Onboarding tools are often integrated in a complex CRM system, which have a steep learning curve

- Current tools are not optimised for touchscreen and tablets, making it difficult to use on the go

- The interface is the same for store manager and sales advisor, causing information overload for sales advisor

​

### Key Solutions:
- Separate the clienteling tool (Dashboard) from CRM system on the interface level (backend is still connected)

- Create an intuitive, touchscreen-optimised, clean UI, with intuitive interactions and flat learning curve

​Mockup  

Interaction  

Backend CRM Medium & High Fidelity Mockups (Interactive)
