---
layout: post
title: Resume
cover: intro-cover.jpg
date: 2019-07-03 00:00:00
categories: posts
---

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/resume/CV_JIACHEN_CUI_EN_CN_V4.3.pdf"><svg aria-hidden="true" focusable="false" data-prefix="fas" data-icon="file-download" class="svg-inline--fa fa-file-download fa-w-12" height="1em" role="img" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 384 512"><path fill="currentColor" d="M224 136V0H24C10.7 0 0 10.7 0 24v464c0 13.3 10.7 24 24 24h336c13.3 0 24-10.7 24-24V160H248c-13.2 0-24-10.8-24-24zm76.45 211.36l-96.42 95.7c-6.65 6.61-17.39 6.61-24.04 0l-96.42-95.7C73.42 337.29 80.54 320 94.82 320H160v-80c0-8.84 7.16-16 16-16h32c8.84 0 16 7.16 16 16v80h65.18c14.28 0 21.4 17.29 11.27 27.36zM377 105L279.1 7c-4.5-4.5-10.6-7-17-7H256v128h128v-6.1c0-6.3-2.5-12.4-7-16.9z"></path></svg> &nbsp;Download PDF</a>

## About me

* Knowledge and experience in graphic design, UI design, and front-end dev, playing a pivotal role in group communication  

* Design experience in different industries enables me to understand user and user experience better   

* A diverse range of experience in data visualisation, familiar with tools like Gephi, R Studio, Python, etc.

* Background in management and finance encouraged me to think long-term and to take on leadership roles  

## Education

> **MA Digital Asset & Media Management**  
> King's College London / Merit / 2016 – 2017


> **BSc(Hons) Accounting, Business Finance and Management**  
> University of York / 2:1 / 2013 – 2016

## Experience

**UX Researcher**  
*Medopad / Shanghai / 03.2019 – Present*

Medopad is a health tech company headquartered in London, and our China branch aims bring digital healthcare to China. I’m responsible for supporting Internationalisation (i18n)/localisation (L10n), which includes breaking down the needs of Chinese clients into technical/design language, and identify solutions suitable for China. I can be a designer and project manager in certain projects, providing insights driven by user-centered principles. I defined and managed the scope and timeline of the project, with technical details and deliverables from each party.

---

**UI Designer**  
*MCON Group / Shanghai / 07.2018 – 12.2018*  

MCON Group is a software services provider that focuses on data-driven solutions. I was responsible for designing UI for products such as CRM System, website and WeChat integration; most importantly, consolidating perspectives of design, UX, and front-end. I effectively assumed the lead position of my team and independently executed 2 key projects. Data visualisation is an essential part of CRM System UI which requires not only design skills but also a clear understanding of mathematics and business. I also actively participated internal machine learning workshops (TensorFlow and Keras).

---

**Digital Designer**  
*Arie Capital / London / 03.2017 – 12.2017*

Arie Capital is a UK venture capital firm focusing on Israeli and Chinese markets. My role was to improve Arie’s visual presentations and to design websites for new financial products. I standardised the visual branding (e.g. the use of logo, font, colour etc.) and workflow. By collaborating with teams in China and Israel, I designed a standard multi-lingual publication process. Other digital works include investment prospectuses, pitch decks, infographics etc.

---

**Web Developer**  
*King's College London / London / 02.2017 – 09.2017*

The project is initiated by King’s Digital Lab, aiming to build a platform where researchers can exchange information and collaborate. I wireframed user-facing pages with design tool, HTML, CSS and JavaScript. To validate a prototype, I carried out usability and user experience tests such as persona, focus groups and A/B testing.

---

**Editor Intern (Full-time)**  
*WeZeit / Beijing / 07.2016 – 09.2016*

WeZeit focuses on producing entertaining online content and advertising. I worked as an editor who writes articles and supports graphic design and typesetting projects. I also created GIFs and Cinemagraphs. Thanks to my versatile skills, I soon joined the WeZeit’s core business. One of the clients was Maserati China, whom I worked with to deliver copywriting and illustrations.

---

**Graphic Designer**  
*UoY 50th Anniversary Committee / York / 02.2015 – 07.2015*

Worked in a team of design students and professionals to produce a set of advertising materials (banner, welcome pack, merchandise) for colleges’ 50th anniversary.

## Skills

- `Mandarin` (Native)
- `English` (TOEFL:113/120; part-time teaching)
- `Japanese` (JLPT N2: 120)

---  
- `UI Design`, `User Research`, `Data visualisation`
- `Adobe InDesign`, `Illustrator`, `Photoshop`, `Premiere Pro`, `XD`, `Sketch`, `overflow`
- `Graphic Design`, `Typography`
- `PowerPoint`, `Word`, `Excel`, `Keynote`

---  
- `HTML`, `CSS`, `JavaScript`, `XML`
- `Gephi` (network visualisation and analysis)
- `Python` and `R` (for data viz)
- `TensorFlow`, `Keras 2.0`

## Interests

`Tech`, `Cooking`, `Gaming`, `Musical`, `Guitar`
